Hi, guys.
Work.
In this lecture, we are going to display the user details over and over here.
We are going to display the habit products.
Okay.
But before then, what we are simply saying is you can see over here we are using a future beta.
And remember, basically there are two popular ways to display data.
That is the future beta or the stream beta.
And the future beta has a property known as future which is basically referring to the source of the
data.
Right.
And you can see we have a variable called customer and we said it's equal to Firebase File Store instance,
dot collection and we basically want to have access to the customers collection.
Right.
Okay.
And also, you can see over here we have a variable called on the score art and it's equal to Firebase
instance.
And you can see why we are passing this on the score table.
And what we are simply saying is we are getting the current log logged in user who is currently purchasing
that products.
Okay.
So what we can then do is we can display that user details of yeah, okay, great.
Now it's in the container right outside the box decoration class.
So.
Outside the box decoration class.
We can't have a child, sorry, child.
And the child is going to be a column widget because we want our data to be displayed vertically and.
Within the column, we can have a test.
This is going to say name and what we can do.
We can give it space and have this and we can use a dollar sign in order to concatenate a variable and
a test.
And you can see over here we have this variable called data data rights which basically have access
to all the data we have over it.
That is the address, ID and email for name and so on.
Great.
And we can then say.
Sorry, Dieter.
And we have a field in the database known as full name.
For them use control and that's a safe and you cannot determine how to train a in order to format this.
These are necessary again and.
Reloading this.
Okay.
Great.
You can see the wire admin.
Okay.
So I think I did this already.
I'm just going to get rid of it again and use constraints to save.
So you see how it's going to look like.
Okay.
You can see this is how it's going to look like.
And what we can do is within the container, we can then have a width.
And we can then say double dot infinity.
What does we do?
Is it you let the width take the available space horizontally?
It's control and that's the save.
Okay.
You should see it now.
Great.
And another way is to say media.
Media.
Media query that of context the size than that width and just live this way without passing any times
or minus.
And this would basically get the width of our screen.
Okay.
Works in OC.
Now we send this column, we can say Cross us.
Elements cross us.
Cross us alignment.
Don't start.
Remember, it's going to work opposite for the raw.
Okay.
You should sit right now and.
Grades and the other field we need.
We can just copy this.
And -- and -- OC is controlling us to save and we have to rename this to address.
Address and we have a field in the database known as address.
Okay.
And Fon, I think we have a field in the database which is a phone.
We do not have that.
Okay.
Well, it's I think we would be needing that.
We're just going to have it later.
But for now, we can just go on the phone and we do not have anything yet for this.
You can just get rid of this or we can just hide it manually.
What we can do is.
Go to.
Sorry.
Okay.
Go to where?
I think we have that the.
Hot further.
So controller's directory and auth controller.
Okay.
We can then have another field which is going to say Phone.
This.
Okay.
And now what we have to do is to create a new accounts.
Right?
But another way is we can just create this field manually in the database for each user.
Consequently, we have just two customers so we can acquire hard field.
And this is going to be fun.
Okay.
Hard fun.
And we can add fuel for this again.
Fun.
So by this way, we do not need to delete and create a new account.
Grits and.
Back to the place.
Order.
This is then going to be.
Form to display the number of the user and currently.
It should be empty because we do not have any number to date yet.
Okay, great.
And the address.
We do not have any addresses that yet.
Or maybe we could just had a phone number.
It's going to have this.
That is okay.
Updates.
And since it's a future view there, we have to we have to save again.
In order to refresh.
Okay.
Okay, Cisco.
And we can just wrap this with a pardon.
Wrap with pardon?
Okay.